Wow. What an expensive yet disgusting piece of dark chocolate. How can you not have any vegan treats? And why be so rude about it when I asked?! The only thing they had was some unsweet chunk of something nasty I spit out for like 20 dollars. Why bother?!Update yo stuff y'all! Vegans are taking over the world. Step it up!! I'll come back when you do.
Super rude. We arrived here at 9:30 pm on a Saturday night and then waited in line for 15 minutes. When we got to the front of the line, and ordered our desserts we obviously wanted to eat there, the cashier told us we could only take them to go since they closed at 10. Really?! How long does it take to eat a dessert? And why not just tell everyone that before they waited in your line? We left without buying anything and will not be back.
Stale cookie, so so chocolates, not that good. Out of touch person working there accepted my cash (one penny short on change) then proceeded to say okay and handed me .99 cents. Embarrassing for them all around, I'll never go back.
ugh...these hipsters are tripping giving me the world's smallest hot chocolate, seriously like 6 ounces for $5.75.  I don't mind spending $$ on quality, but come on, I just felt stupid paying that much for like five sips.  It wasn't even that good, their selection was underwhelming.  I expected it to be at least decent, but it was so bad that I feel the need to spread the word to not go into this hipster money pit of garbage as it was surprisingly busy for the low quality, over-priced crap they were serving. Their horchata was like drinking clumpy cinnamon pudding(and not in a good way).
It was absolutely disgusting. The marshmallow was burnt, the chocolate was too salty, and they graham cracker was just ok, nothing spectacular. This was a complete waste of my time and money. I definitely won't be coming back, and I won't be recommending this place anytime soon.
This place is exactly the kind of hipster garbage that the mission is so famous for. I got the ginger lemon iced chocolate and it tasted like bitter ass pudding with lemon juice. It also smells weird in here. Everything on the menu is overpriced. They have chocolate making classes which I thought might be cool but it turns out they're 50$. Avoid.
So expensive for nothing...don't know what all the hype is about.  It's okay but nothing special.
Nothing special about the chocolates.  Way too expensive. You can get better chocolates for a fraction of the price elsewhere.  Staff and management are unprofessional.
But the chocolate itself just was not great. Yes, the ingredients are extremely high quality.  Yes, everything is organic and friendly. But the flavor? Just .... missed. Every combination I tried tasted almost literally pretentious.
Some of the staff was EXTREMELY rude and unwelcoming on more than one occasion.
Upon my first bite I was instantly disappointed.  It was so bad that I regret not giving back the box of chocolates we had just paid for.
I found rat feces on my purchase. Absolutely horrified!!!!!!!!!You should be closed for good.
Got sugar free chocolate candies from behind the case. They all where old and crystallized like old candy does and the nuts where rancid so bad that my wife got sick on them, I was burping and gas from the rancid nuts, rancid aftertaste for hours. High priced for cheap crap.
For $2 a small bite size brownie like chocolate, I am disappointed.
Dry, tasteless & just not good. Really bad customer service!!!  Everything in the shop ls beautiful and very expensive but tasted terrible.
Will say, it looked better then it tasted. The frosting was awful and the carrot cake was just kind of bland. I do not think I will be coming back. Also the workers were kind of cold and rude.
To be fair, some items, like the sable cookies, are great, as are the caramels. However, the customer service is RUDE AND HORRIBLE.I'm also upset about their terrible cookbook - if you were thinking of buying that, please don't. It's filled with errors.
I've been treated poorly twice here by the snobby staff and will not be returning.
Your customer service STINKS.  The last few times I've gone, your staff doesn't greet customers, smile or say thank you, ignores those patiently waiting in line, and act like they'd rather be at the beach.
Macarons were hard, chewy and extremely dry.  Such disappointment!!!
This was the worst cake we've had in our life.  And I love desserts.  For $35, we could have bought a better tasting cake from Safeway.   We offered some to my nephew who loves chocolate and he took a bit and didn't want anymore.  DISAPPOINTING.
They are clearly understaffed, disorganized and poorly managed. I felt bad for them because it did not seem like a fun work environment. It was awful.
Waste of time and money.  Only attempted to go there because they were the only place open at the time.  Won't be back. 
Disappointing. Hot chocolate had a distinctive burnt flavor. Clearly, the staff was overburdened to meet customer demand.
Terrible Terrible service, they tricked me on the price and weight of the chocolates and assumed no blame.  I live in the neighborhood and don't appreciate the bad service.
The chocolate is waxy and way overpriced for the quality. I prefer See's Candy chocolate much much better!
Was disappointing since I have good memories of their products, so hopefully I just visited on a bad day.
Sorry, but totally mediocre chocolates. Hubby and I each got a sampling of chocolates. He got some of the truffles (like Irish Cream, etc.) and I got a Maya Chocolate, a peppermint chew, and a valentine marshmallow heart (My only option if I didn't want a huge bag of marshmallows). The Maya chocolate was the only decent thing. The Peppermint Chew was not chewy at all, but rock hard like a Starlight mint. I should have known it would be bad when I asked for it and the guy waiting on me paused and said That's one of our older recipes. I think he meant older candies! It was either so old it got hard, or it is a misnomer, because there was nothing chewable about that at all. I spit it out in the garbage. The marshmallow heart was equally disappointing with a flavorless marshmallow and a hard, waxy chocolate exterior. Into the garbage it went as well. Hubby said his truffles weren't a good texture either. The chocolate is not creamy. On a positive note, the place smells good when you walk in and it's pretty cute inside. I love that they've been in business forever, but sort of mystified as to why
I bought a box of chocolates here that were really expensive and were just OK. I felt like they were kind of old. I also bought three caramel apples here for over $8 and they were the most sour apples I've ever tasted. 
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE! Sales associate named Michelle is beyond RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL! Left the store with no customer service information, no manager to speak to, and NOTHING was done to diffuse the situation.
I've tried a number of desserts here. From cheesecakes, brownies, cupcakes, and cakes. My boyfriend agrees with me. Only thing I enjoyed was the s'mores cookie. Other than that, flavor isn't the best, it is lacking so much... It's so blah that I don't even finish it at times! And for the price, it isn't worth it; cut the price in half then it would be okay. Sorry, hopefully this changed so I can get sweets when I'm at San Pedro Square. Otherwise, Treatbot is always a winner. After 5 visits here, still disappointed.
It's okay - I am not sure what all the fuss is about - while better than off the shelf stuff, it in no way compares to the top shelf I have had elsewhere.  Not bashing, but if you know good stuff this is still okay. NOW,  would say it is pricey for the average quality product that it is.
Extremely poor customer service the old skinny white lady is rude and I don't think she likes ethnic minorities. She touched my candy with her bare hands - gross! Huffed and puffed when I asked her for a sample (1 sample, I'm not the greedy type) she was semi flirting with my boyfriend and didn't pay any attention to me or my questions even though I was the one buying. I can't stand customer service that sucks. This is the 3rd time now, thought she would change but she hasn't. Seems like all the ladies that work there are stuck up and rude, no need for all that, just be nice and do your job. Il just go elsewhere from now on
Simply put, they just didn't taste very good. I had the Orange peel and the pomegranate, both left a bad after taste. They lost an additional star for the price - $2.25 per piece!
This place was surprisingly bad... and ultra overpriced. Each chocolate is $2 and all of ours tasted exactly the same. The Welsh Sea Salt Caramel, Hard Caramel, Fresh Caramel, all had the exact same filling despite different titles and none of them tasted like caramel. All were dry in the middle and vaguely mealy, but the chocolate on the exterior was good.It might be the worst chocolate I've ever had. Eek. Service was helpful, but the product quality as really bad, and the price-point even worse.
I received these chocolates as a gift and while *of course* I am absolutely delighted to receive a thoughtful gift... I just wasn't impressed with the chocolates themselves. They were just kind of lacking in depth of flavor and the texture of the truffles wasn't particularly rich or creamy.  The chocolate itself didn't coat your tongue or fill your palate or linger at all like good chocolate often does and unfortunately for that reason it just tastes cheap.  I hate to say that but I would not go out of my way to get more.
Wandered in to this tiny chocolate shop today at lunchtime.  Turns out they are only open at lunchtime, so I guess I was lucky.  I bought a few different chocolates and was disappointed.  They were waxy and stale.  For the price they charge, I don't think I would give them another try.  Maybe when that endless, mess of a mall renovation in downtown Sunnyvale ever gets completed, this place will get enough foot traffic to move the product along a little quicker.
Store could be cleaner - spotted one of those annoying red fruit flies in display case buzzing around the chocolate... And the worker said that's the way things are. I'm a bit grossed out.
Poor customer service.  It was like they were doing me a favor, The associate was talking to the cash register and not me.
I love the chocolate here but customer service is bad. Employees are rude and unfriendly. They need to be trained how to talk to customers.
I don't like their chocolate cover strawberries in a cone or their white chocolate rasberry drink. They just suck but it wasn't a complete disaster
Man so overpriced now. Used to gift it all the time to people. Now I rather go elsewhere to pay a little more for better chocolate
Over priced terrible cheap quality.  Paid $7 for (one) cashew Carmel cluster with white chocolate and the white chocolate had no flavor.  Not even real white chocolate.
Got a selection of truffles and a turtle.  Worst chocolate I've ever had, and WAAAAY too expensive, even it if it was good chocolate. For instance, an Irish Cream Truffle had almost no Irish Cream flavor.  The turtle tasted like nothing. Too bad they feel they can rip off tourists because of the location.  Gives the beautiful location place a bad rap.
Terrible service never got our order after 20 minutes, went up to tell them and waited another 30 mins and they ignored us. Not recommended.
I was excited to try what the Cake room had to offer, but was disappointed to see that their presentation was sloppy and how there employees tossed my banana cream pie into a plastic container scattering it. The banana cream pie of itself was plain. The cream was tasteless. The cake was dry.
I was dissatisfied on the way the crew prepared my hot chocolate. It was bland. Period. The mediocre hot chocolate could have been compensated by a good service. The staff did not know the difference between a Lactaid and latte. Unfortunately, the staff are more interested in checking their iPhones than doing things the right way. Now, I missed Max Brenner!
The chocolate here is pretty average. We came here and got an assortment of their truffles, a cappuccino, and a hot chocolate. The truffles tasted similar to what I would get at Godiva -- really sweet with plain tasting chocolate (no special notes). The hot chocolate was almost undrinkable -- too much milk and way too much sugar. The cappuccino was ok, but I also thought it had a bit too much milk in it. Service was good -- the staff were really friendly.
Employees are unfriendly and completely ignored us. Did we not look rich enough for your attention or a simple hello? Rude.
The double chocolate chip cookie was just ok. It kind of tastes like a cookie you would get at the mall or from a hotel. Not worth $1.75.
The service was terrible. The waitress was not familiar with the menu and the venue is really small. I recommend you go to pick up dessert and leave. Very expensive and overall not great experience.
Staff was rude and surly. You're better off getting a tea and pastry at Kafe Leopold down the street.
Went in today to purchase a birthday gift for someone on a restricted diet. I knew Kron carried sugar free chocolate. My first disappointment was how long it took someone to come down from the office/ kitchen to help me. There were three people working, all to busy to stop and come down, or at least acknowledge I was in the store. Then I was more disappointed when I said I wanted to purchase $10-$15 dollars worth of individual pieces of chocolate, I then asked if they could be put. In a box, I was told they only have bags for individual candy.  Just so you understand, they package everything in the store, they have various sizes of boxes. Yet, I could not have one. Then I left!
I bought a cone of chocolate covered strawberries for New Year's Eve to share with friends. When I unwrapped them, there was a HAIR stuck between the chocolate. I was so disappointed when I called the store and spoke to the manager. She didn't apologize or even pretended to care, all she said was "Do you have your receipt? Bring it in and we'll refund you." 
Disappointing experience with a rude employee. Poor selection of chocolates too if you don't want candy apples. Not going back.
The worst customer service experience EVER.  I ordered a same day delivery and it was accepted as available.  The store called a half hour before close to say that they would not be able to fill the order today.  What made it worse was how rude the woman who called was (her name was Susan and she has a blackbelt in being rude to customers).
I AM BEYOND DISGUSTED by how this store blatantly lies to save their own credibility, appalled by how they are treating their customer (which by the way, in my limited conversations with them, I was audibly frustrated but NEVER rude because I have worked in a customer service position), and I urge you to NOT order from this store as they are UNPROFESSIONAL, DISHONEST, UNTRUSTWORTHY!
I am severely disappointed at how the chocolate quality has decreased in this shop. I actually used to really enjoyed this place with it being new, and having high end chocolate. But after going several times I started to notice that the pricing wasn't worth the small bites any longer. The fillings are now being cheaply filled and made (not much inside to bite into, and that used to be the best part), the quality of chocolate has decreased because it taste old (like it has spent a few nights in the fridge), and the customer service has gone from nice to passive aggressive. 
Not impressed. I am a chocolate fanatic and this place sadly was nothing special, and most definitely not worth the price tag! It's hard to have "bad" chocolate and I wouldn't call this chocolate bad but it really was just blah. I have no problem spending money on great chocolate but this was just an overpriced excuse.
