Such amazing chocolate! The first time I had Dandelion was at a sake tasting at Beshock in San Diego. I was blown away by the chocolate (and how well it went with sake!), so I was very excited when I got to visit the location in San Francisco.Upon arrival, I was at a loss for words. There was so much chocolate and so many delicious smells. I tried numerous chocolates, all wonderful. My favorite was one of the nutty ones. I went to order and as soon as I saw a s'more, I just ordered immediately and didn't look at anything else, which I probably should have. But after eating the s'more, nothing else in the world mattered because it was the most delicious thing I had every put in my mouth. I tasted the brownie flight and the chocolate blueberry corn bread muffin, but those were nothing compared to my s'more (I mean they were delicious too, but I was on cloud 9, aka their marshmallows) it was not as good. I stopped here again to grab a cup of Four Barrel on my way out of town. I love this place with most all of my being.
Anyway, the drinks here are marvelous.  Next time I'd probably go with their tea (loose leaf) if I wanted a dessert.  I decided to go whole hog though and get their frozen hot chocolate and a Paris Brest I think it was called (like a brioche or donut sandwich with cream in the middle).  Their drinks come with a very cute little chocolate cookie which was quite tasty. They also have classes and events, which I would like to try one day.
Amazing small batch chocolates!  I recommend the chefs sample plate. You get to enjoy all the wonders of this shop. The homemade marshmallows are a must have.
Cute place.  Smells divine.  The frozen chocolate drink was chocolatey and delicious.  The chef's tasting was like five tiny things with adorable tiny utensils and they were all pretty tasty.  I'd definitely come back.
I tasted a bunch of chocolate samples and it was super cool, so many cocoa beans from many different countries, all uniquely profiled for taste and flavors. It's definitely not cheap though, it's between $8-12 dollars for each bar of chocolate and I ended up getting two. The best, most amazing thing about their chocolate is that they create their bars in the actual store and it goes all the way back. You can also time your visit and do a tour as well. I got to hold a cocoa bean which was much larger than I thought and super exciting for a chocolate lover like myself. All of the chocolate bars are also made with cocoa beans and cane sugar only which is nice, no other additives, coloring, artificial flavors, etc. 
Anyway, a MUST stop if you're in the area and maybe even if you're not. I'm going to come back and definitely try a drinking chocolate or something!!!
Had a craving for some hot coco so a friend and I picked up the house hot chocolate. It was pretty amazing! The desserts and everything else on the menu looked delicious too. I definitely plan on stopping by when I'm in the area again.
Awesome spot. Very different. Service was good. The desserts were fantastic. The chocolate shot was absolutely amazing. Definitely recommend all to check this place out.
The space is fun - awesome view of chocolate production, cool walk through of the process, always has samples.
When I came in I was greeted by friendly employees, a lady kindly answered my questions and placed an order. The atmosphere of this place is very cool and the industrial design is very stylish with every detail counted in. The bathroom had beautiful flowers too!
They have displays on the counter that is super helpful when it comes to choosing what you want! The Chef's Tasting was amazing and all too adorable! They were miniature and bite sized with a little tiny fork and knife! Ahh! The chocolate is so rich, dense and perfectly sweetened. You can honestly taste the quality! The bubbly milk shake was like a dark chocolate champagne and so fun to drink! I loved the bubblies! The mini striped straw was sooo cute! Their mini s'more was so fresh with the perfect squish of marshmallow with the chocolate graham bottom. I don't want to describe everything so you can go and have a taste test yourself! I think you'll like it :)!
I've had many and this place is the best, chewy yet crunchy on the sides. Most importantly the chocolate is in gigantic square chunks throughout each bite! If you're a chocolate fanatic, this is the place to go! Always on the look out for the best cookie!! 
We were mainly there for the european drinking hot chocolate ($4.50). It came in a perfectly designed sipping cup/stand with a cookie treat. Very well thought out design. It wasnt a huge serving of hot chocolate but its because you dont need much of it. It's very rich and flavorful. Dandelion boasts that they only use 2 ingredients in their chocolate. That's cocoa beans and cane sugar. Chocolate purists indeed. We sampled their house made smores and it was very good. Different from your traditional but it was good. Homemade graham cracker on the bottom, chocolate layer and a marshmallow topping layered over that. It was good. It's quite sweet but it was good
Here it taste really yummy. Served in a pot, they give you cups for it.  Then we ordered the brownie bite flight which was yummy, 4 stars.  I will be back for sure to try out new items!
I got the frozen hot chocolate and my aunt got the mission hot chocolate. Both were delicious depending on if you want hot or cold. He frozen hot chocolate was sweet but not too sweet. They also had really good homemade marshmallows. I will definitely be going back and getting the chefs table.
It's a great place to stop by in the Mission for a delicious treat. We ordered the Mission hot chocolate on the suggestion of a someone in line and paired it with the dulce de leche bar. They were both amazing!
Oatmeal and regular Chocolate COOKIES ARE AMAZING! One of my faves for sure!
Simply incredible and the cutest little display! Their drinking chocolate is to die for. You'll truly think you've died. And gone to chocolate heaven.
Loved the sampler with small portions of amazing chocolate creations! Will most definitely be back next time I'm in the city.
Their house hot chocolate is delicious! Make sure you try their hand made marshmallows with your hot chocolate too.
This was my first visit to Castro and Mission neighborhood and this Dandelion place is amazing!! Everything looked very tasty and inviting. I tried the Chef's tasting menu and it was delicious. The red velvet and panda cotta was delicious.. panda cotta was my favorite! There is always a line irrespective of the time you reach Dandelion.. be it noon evening or late night (Yes we went that many times)!! The place is elegantly decorated and you can try different chocolates from different parts of the world. They even have a small exhibit inside to show the process of chocolate making. Definitely a must visit if you are a chocolate addict :)
Just amazing!! Was my first visit to the Mission and Castro part of the city and was blown away by the sheer food options around. This place was amazing, and with a huge huge line to boot. I basically walked away the first time as the line was out of the door. Went back at 930pm, still had a line, but just 3 people in front of me. Since it was late I got the frozen hot chocolate which was out of this world! I'll be back to try the chocolate tasting flight!!
Pure heavenly delight! Dandelion is like no other. Don't miss this if you have any interest in chocolate and you're in SF. It's really special.
Wow! I walked by recently and decided to follow my nose, leading me into this den of chocolate decadence. They make their own chocolate from 2 ingredients: single origin cacao beans from different countries and sugar. When you enter the space, you are immediately drawn to the samples of chocolate bars that differ by provenance. They also make sweets including s'mores and cookies, hot chocolate and mocha drinks. Everything I tried was pure delight. I would highly recommended Dandelion to any chocolate lover and anyone taking a degustation tour of the Mission!
 I also had the giant s'mores. Oh my god. Love the way how the workers torched the s'mores to make the chocolate in the center of the marshmellow melty and the marshmellow toasty. I went to s'more heaven :) I love this place because the chocolate is so authentic and made from different kinds of regions. What a chocolaticious experience. I will probably need to get european hot chocolate next time. If you have a sweet tooth for sweets and you need a nice treat from the cold chilly night, this is a wonderful place to go :)
If you like chocolate, I highly recommend this cool joint. The mocha is excellent and so is their hot chocolate. It comes with a cute tiny cookie which complements the drink perfectly. Free marshmallow at the counter if you are craving for more sweetness.
The crazy chocolate lovers among us love to drink chocolate. This way the ingredients get directly into our veins. And, we are not talking about milk/water mixed chocolate, but make it as pure as possible.Order the European Drinking Chocolate. If you are not there yet, it is OK. Just order other great items from the menu.
We ordered the European drinking chocolate and the spicy hot chocolate upon recommendation from the girl who rang us up. We also ordered a s'mores! It was the prettiest s'mores I've ever seen and tasted so good, not too sweet at all and the chocolate was high quality. The hot chocolates came in cute little drinking cups and mine came with a little spoon to stir. The European drinking chocolate was amazing! Super chocolatey and thick, kinda gets to be too much though as it cools down. 
A really great cute cafe and really friendly staff! Few things I would recommend doing when you get there: 1) Try out all the free chocolate samples 2) Chat with the staff and learn more about how a coffee bean turns into a chocolate bar 3) Get a factory tour (make a reservation online) and 4) buy some goodies (would highly recommend dulce de leche bar).
The interior is warm and welcoming and the scent of chocolate is quite enticing. I have had this place bookmarked forever and was so excited to finally get here! The chocolate bars are pricey but they are single origin and like fine wine, there are flavor notes offered by each bar depending where the beans are sourced. Samples are offered. The glass case of sweets all looked so good but it was still early so I opted for a cup of hot chocolate. They offer almond milk and soymilk for non dairy folks like myself. I ordered the house hot chocolate which came with a mini cocoa shortbread cookie. They also offer nuggets of raw sugar  (for coffee) and housemade marshmallows to top my chocolate. Goodness they are like pillows from heaven! The hot chocolate itself was one of the best I've ever had. The texture was like velvet, not overly sweet, and nicely frothy on top. I will remember this hot chocolate for the rest of my life! Service was on point
THE ABSOLUTE BEST HOT CHOCOLATE. While the price of their house hot chocolate or anything on their menu was not cheap, I decided to trust the reviews and go with it. Within 2 minutes my hot chocolate was ready, in a smaller cup than expected but let me tell you that size really does NOT matter. The hot chocolate was sweet and creamy, everything I could imagine of an ideal hot chocolate. If I'm ever around I will definitely go back and probably order two drinks of deliciousness!
Love love love this place !!! Satisfies all my dessert cravings - the scent of delicious chocolate hits you as soon as you walk into the door. Every single thing is delicious ! Their desserts, their drinks, their chocolates. It's fast becoming my favorite dessert place.
Come and try their European drinking hot chocolate!! It's the best I've had! Perfect consistency and not too sweet. We came here on a. Old rainy day which made it even better! The place is cute but with limited seating but you should definitely give this place a try if you're in the area.i also saw some people with the cold chocolate dessert which also looks amazing and that's probably what I'll try next if I go on a warmer day!
The European Drinking Chocolate & House Hot Chocolate are my favorite of the bunch. Both are very good. I'd highly recommend Dandelion Chocolate if you are a chocolate lover. They also provide house-made marshmallows near the side table & samples of chocolate pieces near the register for free.
This place was incredible! It's a chocolate shop with everything you'd ever want to be inside a chocolate shop. There's seats so you can enjoy with friends. You can get a plain chocolate bar or some hot cocoa. And, the hot cocoa comes in an adorable little cup with freshly made marshmallows. There's also a selection of desserts to choose from. The whole place has a decor that makes you think you're in a chocolate factory and it even smells of chocolate here. Come here to chat with a friend or to get a wonderful snack for yourself but if you're in the area, this is a unique and wonderful find that shouldn't be missed.
I've had the the four barrel mission mocha which was one of the best mochas I've ever had. It's only slightly sweet and a tad spicy. It's almost like a really good chai flavor with mocha and espresso. The drink sizes are pretty small, but you have to remember you are getting a product made with quality ingredients. 
A great place to buy chocolate or stay in for coffee and a treat!
Every chocolate lover should make a trip out here. Their iced chocolate drinks were off the charts good. Pair it with their handmade marshmallows and you're in heaven.
The Chocolate shop of your dreams! If you get one of their samplers its come out on a very cute little tray. The hot and cold chocolate drinks are amazing.
Two words: Absolutely Amazing! I LOVE chocolate and this is my go to spot.  The chocolate is so FRESH, juicy, and tasty- you know it was made with TLC. My favorite choclates are the milk chocolate peanut butter -anything (cups, seasonal treats). I use to like the wine paring chocolates, but now they are too rich for me. Place is affordable. Some expensive chocolates but worth it. My second favorite chocolates are the white chocolates. Every holiday, Schurra's has seasonal fresh chocolates just perfect for the holiday. Recently, I purchases peanut butter eggs, white chocolate carrot, chocolate covered pretzels for my kids' Easter basket. If you are local and never been, you have to stop by and check out. You can order individual chocolates. Come in and have a taste. I am positive it will not be your last visit.
Good quality Chocolate with many selections from milk chocolate to dark chocolate. Friendly customer service. 
What a beautiful little candy shop! The treats are as delicious as they are beautiful. I received superb service from April who was kind enough to help me select items for a gift basket. She then artfully arranged the items and wrapped the basket in cello and tied it with an elaborate bow that was the perfect touch! She was friendly and kind and I will most definitely be back!
This is an amazing place I discovered by chance. No frills, just chocolate (and amazing ice cream in the summer). I'm almost sorry I found it as it's too good and tempting. The prices are pretty decent and i love it that it's made fresh.
The best chocolate ever.  You should all try this! 100 years old place. Five star candies in the block
Anyone who knows me knows I cannot walk past a candy store, especially if it has chocolate gummy bears. Long story short, this is the best candy store I've been in. I came out with more than just chocolate covered gummy bears.The store is huge and beautifully decorated. It's colorful and is categorized by chocolate, gummies, sours,popcorn, alcohol content, and even country of origin. There's candy from Japan, Europe, etc. The storefront has a bar of truffles and a refrigerator with all sorts of beverages- even butter beer!
Outstanding customer service! Wide variety of confections including hard to find and international offerings.
It's so good! No bad flavors, every flavor is delicious in it's own way!! I wish I live closer to this shop so I can have it all the time!! Customer service is also great here! I usually don't like chocolates, but those are just wonderful! Not overly sweet, just smooth and balanced, visually stunning as well!! I wish they would ship, so I can send them out to friends and family as gifts.
Loved this shop! Prices are definitely premium so these are special-occasion chocolates. Options for truffles include Macallan single malt, JD honey butter, passion fruit, rum, grand marnier- all delicious and pretty as jewels. Service is great too.
Phenomenal!! Hand made homemade on site. Gorgeous individual chocolates, covered fruits, clusters, molds, oh heaven. I highly recommend, the staff are pros too.
The Chocolate Dream Box offers exquisitly tasty and beautiful candies that are a wonderful indulgence - and they make a great gift.  There you can find truffles, but also specialty items such as dark or milk chocolate cats, marshmallow hearts, goofy looking chocolate frogs or any number of seasonal items.  The price is good for the quality of the items offered for sale.  The new location is large and bright, and as always, the people working there are knowledgeable and pleasant.  I'd have given this place six out of five stars had the system let me.
I've been going here for a few years and this place never disappoints! They're cookies are perfectly baked with a slight crunch on the edge and a rich, soft texture in the middle. I always get the s'mores cookie. There's no other cookie like it! They've been consistently delicious ( baked to perfection every time). They're very rich with generous portions of ingredients. I've also tried they're truffles, pecan bar, bacon choco bar, macaroons and coffee. All were satisfying. It's nice to be able to have a different dessert option other than ice cream! Service is great. They're quick to assist and happy to answer any questions regarding their several desserts.
The cookies are to die for!! They're huge and, though the gourmet price seems kind of steep at about $3 a cookie, they are absolutely delicious. I got the s'mores and chocolate chip. Both were equally ooey and gooey but the butter cookie flavor didn't make the chocolate so overwhelming. Neither of them made it home to Sacramento that's for sure!
Wow this place is amazing the staff is great friendly and helpful, the deserts are so delicious , can I hear a Yummo to my yummy. The bacon wrapped Browne is to die for. I would only ask for more bacon Please !!!! There is always a line but it's worth it . Cheers to this wonderful delicious rarity .... If your friends or family want cookie this is the place as well soft, chewy and oh so yummy take a few extra for yourself as well these go fast ... And A nice tall glass of Mike or a shot of tequila to wash down any sweet dish the pairing is amazing you must try it !
This is THE best chocolate ever!! It would make the best gifts for others (or yourself!) I especially love the milk macadamia nut, their dark rocky road bar, the caramels... all of it is amazing! Everyone I've shared their chocolate with has raved about it. It's also nice that you can get their chocolates at Whole Foods and online and they deliver everywhere!All of their products are quality with attention to detail. 
Best chocolate ever!! Lula's is absolutely delicious, beautifully packaged and makes the perfect gift no matter what the occasion! This chocolate is a perfect mix of that home made touch while also being fabulously decadent. The store is gorgeous and so fun to browse.
The best customer service and a clean location. My go-tos for gifts for friends, family and myself are: Toffee-ettes, Nuts and Chews and their seasonal special boxes for children. That's right! I'm that girl who will pump your child full of sugar and give them back to you! (sweet evil laugh) Seriously though, this place never disappoints even if you need a delicious chocolate fix. Enjoy!!
The chocolate is amazing, ownership is committed and supportive of both their employees and customers and the shop is beautiful!  If you've tried it you already love it and if you haven't you will soon.
I bought the chocolate here for my wedding favors.  David, the manager, and all the sales clerks were exceptionally helpful.  The store is bright and inviting, and the chocolate is delicious and beautifully packaged. 
I recently visited this location and I must say, the service was on point. The staff was incredibly friendly and made us laugh, the chocolate of course was to die for. We left very happy!
I love Chocolate Visions. It is a local business and their chocolate is fantastic. There are plenty of unique and elegant truffles to choose from, there's gelatto for a fun treat, the store has a great location near the movie theater, and the people working are always sweet and helpful. I am so happy that Chocolate Visions has a home in Scotts Valley!
This is the best chocolate in the county! Their bittersweet carmel with sea salt is amazing!
Love this place such good choclates! Great prices! Awsome Customer service! Great gelato definitley would reccomend this place!
A great Chocolatier. The candy is expensive and worth every bite. The chocolate is handmade and crafted right on-site. Sometimes you can see two ladies making the candy or decorating them while you're there. Gelato is also good. Treat yourself!
These chocolates are really amazing!  On top of that, the couple that makes these chocolates is extremely  nice. Be sure to call or text before dropping by, as their location is a rental kitchen (they are not always there). We were lucky enough to drop by right before a big show. We were able to try a ton of different delicious  chocolates and bought the biggest box they sell. The price is amazing for the top notch quality. Highly recommend!
I tasted about a dozen samples today and each was perfection. From the ginger caramel peanut w/ thai chili to the liquid vanilla caramel to the raspberry and jasmine - each were unique, balance, and decadent. My favorite - chocolate orange confit caramel. Yum!
These chocolates are off the hook.  I've had  a number of flavors, they are elegant, romantic, delicious, sexy and exquisite - all at once! 
The best chocolate ever tasted we all agree the experience of the first taste the other night at a party reminds me of the movie chocolate you want to close your eyes when you bite into the truffle the truffle was the most amazing and delectable taste treat thick shell and soft creamy inside cant wait to try another one smile we are so lucky to have this amazing artist
These chocolates are absolutely amazing. The hard outer shell and the melt in your mouth inside... make these chocolates out of this word. I purchased a variety box of 9 because I wanted to try the different filling flavors... each was better than the last. The texture is incredible, and these chocolates are just the RIGHT richness. Sometimes you find yourself needing a glass of water after eating some more intense chocolate, but the ingredients are so high quality, Phillippe really makes the perfect truffle
In German, there is a saying: "Don't carry owls to Athens," where the owl symbolizes wisdom and the pursuit of academics, and Athens in the olden days was the center of just that. So when you carry chocolates from the New World to the Old World, that must indeed mean that the Old World has not yet seen such delicacies. That is exactly what I did, to rave reviews.
Mouthwateringly indulgent, tongue lingeringly sexy and redefining character and sweetness with every mouthful. I have been a frequent enjoyer of these extraodinary delights. The never cease to make time stop and my entire experience to expand. I was so impressed a wrote a meditation for each flavor and sent them to my Mother! In the course of I found out what a stand up business man Philippe is. You can not go wrong with this as a gift. They are excrutiatingly, exaltingly, especially, extraordinarily yummilicious, yumirific, yumtastic YUM!
Every now and again one of these magical chocolates crosses my path and woah! They are amazing. Philippe is fantastic and you'll love his truffle creations.
Eating these chocolates is an amazing and mouth watering experience sure to delight anyone who loves chocolate. The love and quality of the ingredients is in every morsel -- and I say this as a chocaholic!
Fantastic chocolates! The gingerbread was delicious and the dark chocolate is so rich. The woman working the counter was friendly and helpful. Great experience!
Creamy dusted bitter chocolate confection Every truffled bite is filled with perfection Gift a pound for Christmas and watch her swoon You'll be in her pants well before June.
Best chocolates you will ever find or taste. My favorite are the strawberries dipped in dark chocolate. They are to die for. Truffles are very popular and in high demand. Can't wait to get my hands on them again!! YUMMMMMMM!!!!!!! Everything is done in store!
Beautiful store. Beautiful candies! A little pricey, but it all worth it. Guava Passionfruit was absolutely rich and delicious. Be ready for the burst of fruity heaven at first bite. The joy will linger for very very long time.
The chocolates here are as delicious as they are beautiful. But I don't know what's better--the chocolates or the caramels. You haven't lived until you've had handmade caramels. They are amazing!
